conference/2022.md, before:

---
title: FEniCS 2022
subtitle: University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, 22–24 August 2022
image: assets/img/headers/geisel-library-3-UCSanDiego-ErikJepsen.jpg
permalink: /fenics-2022/
---
<small>Photo by Erik Jepsen/UC San Diego, Copyright © the Board of Regents of the University of California</small>

## Updates

- **2 August 2022**: Conference program and schedule announced
- **3 June 2022**: [Registration opened](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/fenics-2022-tickets-354292377037).
- **22 April 2022:** [Abstract submission](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdU3jizMuvnt4EWcFwEeRHx3Kj1PyomRHCGlEdXN8uHeGokAQ/viewform?usp=sf_link) opens.
- **12 November 2021:** Conference website goes live.

## Description

The FEniCS 2022 conference is an opportunity for all those interested in
the FEniCS Project and related projects to exchange ideas, communicate
their results and network with the automated scientific computing
community. We welcome developers, existing and potential users of the
FEniCS ecosystem as well as mathematicians, computer scientists and
application domain specialists interested in numerical methods, their
implementation and applications.

The FEniCS 2022 conference will emphasize an open and inclusive
atmosphere, contributed talks from a diverse range of scientific areas,
and dedicated time for discussions and coding.

**To register for the FEniCS'22 conference click [here](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/fenics-2022-tickets-354292377037).**

Links to previous FEniCS conferences can be found [here](index.md).

## Important dates

- Abstract submission: by Friday, 17 June, 2022.
- Application for travel support: 8 July, 2022.
- Early bird registration: 22 July 2022.
- Conference:  22–24 August 2022.
- Conference banquet: 5–7pm Tuesday 23 August 2022.

## Conference Schedule

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Y2MtQ3NIdZSKyvHsl1nEQUM-78Zw1vaP/preview" width="100%" height="480"></iframe>

[Download conference schedule](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Y2MtQ3NIdZSKyvHsl1nEQUM-78Zw1vaP)

## Conference program

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Zk32Z9LShTxxeqigGdbMaR_gQm7tUiSK/preview" width="100%" height="480"></iframe>

[Download conference program](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Zk32Z9LShTxxeqigGdbMaR_gQm7tUiSK)

## Features

- Single track session for talks.
- Dedicated poster session.
- Plenty of time for informal discussions and coding.
- Best student and postdoc presentation prizes.

## Registration

All participants must register for the conference.&nbsp;Participants may
register
[here](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/fenics-2022-tickets-354292377037).
Registration and payment opened on 3 June 2022. The early bird conference
registration fee is $250 (US), and includes payment for food during the
conference. The deadline for early bird registration is 22 July 2022 after
which the conference fee is $300 (US).

## Abstract submission

Abstracts may be submitted
[here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdU3jizMuvnt4EWcFwEeRHx3Kj1PyomRHCGlEdXN8uHeGokAQ/viewform?usp=sf_link).
The deadline for proposing talks is Friday, June 17, 2022. Conference
delegates will be notified if their talk has been accepted. The length
of talks will depend on registration numbers, but has been around 15
minutes (plus time for questions) in previous in-person meetings.
Talking is not a prerequisite for attending: you can register for the
conference and attend without talking.

## Travel awards

[NumFOCUS](http://www.numfocus.org) have kindly offered to support travel
awards for attendees who would otherwise struggle to come to the conference
for financial reasons, e.g. junior students and researchers or those working
in countries with a less developed research infrastructure. Applicants are
strongly encouraged to submit an abstract to the conference.

To apply for a travel award, send a letter of motivation, an estimation of
travel costs, CV and if applicable, the conference abstract to [David
Kamensky](mailto:dmkamensky@eng.ucsd.edu). Applications will be assessed by
the local organizing committee. The cut-off date for applications is 8 July
2022.

## Conference venue

The conference will be held at UC San Diego, in the 2nd-floor conference
center of the [Structural and Materials Engineering (SME)
building](https://structures.ucsd.edu/about-us/directions).

## Conference dinner

The conference dinner will be from 5–7pm Tuesday 23 August 2022 on the
Structural and Materials Engineering patio. For more details refer to the
conference program.

## Getting to San Diego

The main option for traveling to San Diego is to fly to the San Diego
International Airport (SAN). You can use the city's trolley system
([Blue
Line](https://www.sdmts.com/inside-mts-current-projects/uc-san-diego-blue-line-trolley-extension))
to get to the UC San Diego campus area.

## Accommodation

Participants will need to book their own accommodation. Note that the
SME building is across the street from the UC San Diego Central Campus
station of the new [Mid-Coast Trolley Blue Line
Extension](https://www.sdmts.com/inside-mts-current-projects/uc-san-diego-blue-line-trolley-extension).
Attendees may consider lodging options near other trolley stations for
convenient access. We politely advise you book accommodation at least a
few weeks in advance of the conference date.

## Code of conduct

We expect all attendees of FEniCS 2022 to follow the FEniCS Project
[code of conduct](../community/code-of-conduct.md). Instances of
abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported
by contacting the conference organizers or the [FEniCS Steering
Council](https://github.com/FEniCS/governance).

## Local organizing committee

- David Kamensky ([dmkamensky@eng.ucsd.edu](mailto:dmkamensky@eng.ucsd.edu))
- Michael J. Holst
- Dave A. May
- Padmini Rangamani


## Sponsors
FEniCS'22 is supported by the Jacobs School of Engineering, UC San Diego, and NumFOCUS.

[![Jacobs School of Engineering](/assets/img/fenics2022/JCSE-UCSD.jpg){: .image-center width="50%" style="padding-top:25px; padding-bottom:15px"}](https://jacobsschool.ucsd.edu/)

[![NumFOCUS](/assets/img/numfocus.png){: .image-center width="50%" style="padding-top:15px; padding-bottom:25px"}](https://www.numfocus.org/)

Commit message:

Add conference tutorial to webpage

conference/2022.md, after:

---
title: FEniCS 2022
subtitle: University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, 22–24 August 2022
image: assets/img/headers/geisel-library-3-UCSanDiego-ErikJepsen.jpg
permalink: /fenics-2022/
---
<small>Photo by Erik Jepsen/UC San Diego, Copyright © the Board of Regents of the University of California</small>

## Updates
- **22 August 2022**: The resources for the FEniCSx tutorial can be found [here](https://jorgensd.github.io/fenics22-tutorial/)
- **2 August 2022**: Conference program and schedule announced
- **3 June 2022**: [Registration opened](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/fenics-2022-tickets-354292377037).
- **22 April 2022:** [Abstract submission](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdU3jizMuvnt4EWcFwEeRHx3Kj1PyomRHCGlEdXN8uHeGokAQ/viewform?usp=sf_link) opens.
- **12 November 2021:** Conference website goes live.

## Description

The FEniCS 2022 conference is an opportunity for all those interested in
the FEniCS Project and related projects to exchange ideas, communicate
their results and network with the automated scientific computing
community. We welcome developers, existing and potential users of the
FEniCS ecosystem as well as mathematicians, computer scientists and
application domain specialists interested in numerical methods, their
implementation and applications.

The FEniCS 2022 conference will emphasize an open and inclusive
atmosphere, contributed talks from a diverse range of scientific areas,
and dedicated time for discussions and coding.

**To register for the FEniCS'22 conference click [here](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/fenics-2022-tickets-354292377037).**

Links to previous FEniCS conferences can be found [here](index.md).

## Important dates

- Abstract submission: by Friday, 17 June, 2022.
- Application for travel support: 8 July, 2022.
- Early bird registration: 22 July 2022.
- Conference:  22–24 August 2022.
- Conference banquet: 5–7pm Tuesday 23 August 2022.

## Conference Schedule

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Y2MtQ3NIdZSKyvHsl1nEQUM-78Zw1vaP/preview" width="100%" height="480"></iframe>

[Download conference schedule](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Y2MtQ3NIdZSKyvHsl1nEQUM-78Zw1vaP)

## Conference program

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Zk32Z9LShTxxeqigGdbMaR_gQm7tUiSK/preview" width="100%" height="480"></iframe>

[Download conference program](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Zk32Z9LShTxxeqigGdbMaR_gQm7tUiSK)

## Features

- Single track session for talks.
- Dedicated poster session.
- Plenty of time for informal discussions and coding.
- Best student and postdoc presentation prizes.

## Registration

All participants must register for the conference.&nbsp;Participants may
register
[here](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/fenics-2022-tickets-354292377037).
Registration and payment opened on 3 June 2022. The early bird conference
registration fee is $250 (US), and includes payment for food during the
conference. The deadline for early bird registration is 22 July 2022 after
which the conference fee is $300 (US).

## Abstract submission

Abstracts may be submitted
[here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdU3jizMuvnt4EWcFwEeRHx3Kj1PyomRHCGlEdXN8uHeGokAQ/viewform?usp=sf_link).
The deadline for proposing talks is Friday, June 17, 2022. Conference
delegates will be notified if their talk has been accepted. The length
of talks will depend on registration numbers, but has been around 15
minutes (plus time for questions) in previous in-person meetings.
Talking is not a prerequisite for attending: you can register for the
conference and attend without talking.

## Travel awards

[NumFOCUS](http://www.numfocus.org) have kindly offered to support travel
awards for attendees who would otherwise struggle to come to the conference
for financial reasons, e.g. junior students and researchers or those working
in countries with a less developed research infrastructure. Applicants are
strongly encouraged to submit an abstract to the conference.

To apply for a travel award, send a letter of motivation, an estimation of
travel costs, CV and if applicable, the conference abstract to [David
Kamensky](mailto:dmkamensky@eng.ucsd.edu). Applications will be assessed by
the local organizing committee. The cut-off date for applications is 8 July
2022.

## Conference venue

The conference will be held at UC San Diego, in the 2nd-floor conference
center of the [Structural and Materials Engineering (SME)
building](https://structures.ucsd.edu/about-us/directions).

## Conference dinner

The conference dinner will be from 5–7pm Tuesday 23 August 2022 on the
Structural and Materials Engineering patio. For more details refer to the
conference program.

## Getting to San Diego

The main option for traveling to San Diego is to fly to the San Diego
International Airport (SAN). You can use the city's trolley system
([Blue
Line](https://www.sdmts.com/inside-mts-current-projects/uc-san-diego-blue-line-trolley-extension))
to get to the UC San Diego campus area.

## Accommodation

Participants will need to book their own accommodation. Note that the
SME building is across the street from the UC San Diego Central Campus
station of the new [Mid-Coast Trolley Blue Line
Extension](https://www.sdmts.com/inside-mts-current-projects/uc-san-diego-blue-line-trolley-extension).
Attendees may consider lodging options near other trolley stations for
convenient access. We politely advise you book accommodation at least a
few weeks in advance of the conference date.

## Code of conduct

We expect all attendees of FEniCS 2022 to follow the FEniCS Project
[code of conduct](../community/code-of-conduct.md). Instances of
abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported
by contacting the conference organizers or the [FEniCS Steering
Council](https://github.com/FEniCS/governance).

## Local organizing committee

- David Kamensky ([dmkamensky@eng.ucsd.edu](mailto:dmkamensky@eng.ucsd.edu))
- Michael J. Holst
- Dave A. May
- Padmini Rangamani


## Sponsors
FEniCS'22 is supported by the Jacobs School of Engineering, UC San Diego, and NumFOCUS.

[![Jacobs School of Engineering](/assets/img/fenics2022/JCSE-UCSD.jpg){: .image-center width="50%" style="padding-top:25px; padding-bottom:15px"}](https://jacobsschool.ucsd.edu/)

[![NumFOCUS](/assets/img/numfocus.png){: .image-center width="50%" style="padding-top:15px; padding-bottom:25px"}](https://www.numfocus.org/)
