conference/2023.md, before:

---
title: FEniCS 2023
subtitle: Hotel Flamingo Resort, Pula (Cagliari), Italy, 14-16 June 2023
image: assets/img/fenics2023/ssk_5625277_pula_antica_citta_nora_filip_fuxa_rsz.jpg
permalink: /fenics-2023/
---
<small>Photo credits: filip_fuxa/shutterstock.com. License: CC BY-NC-SA.</small>

## Updates
- **7 March 2023:** Registration opens: [Hotel booking form](/assets/extra/fenics2023/hotel-booking-form.docx) and [conference registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScIr8tgzs0Hm9LEyxpha6SwujJw1jRU1ek15uBzY-IfJf7nVw/viewform).
- **18 January 2023:** [Abstract submission](https://forms.gle/h87NAnQ9hi9pp4PP7) opens.
- **21 December 2022:** Conference website goes live.

## Description

The FEniCS 2023 conference is an opportunity for all those interested in
the FEniCS Project and related projects to exchange ideas, communicate
their results and network with the automated scientific computing
community.

We welcome developers, existing and potential users of the
FEniCS ecosystem as well as mathematicians, computer scientists and
application domain specialists interested in numerical methods, their
implementation and applications.

The FEniCS 2023 conference will emphasize an open and inclusive
atmosphere, contributed talks from a diverse range of scientific areas,
and dedicated time for discussions and coding.

Links to previous FEniCS conferences can be found [here](index.md).

## Important dates

- Early bird registration and conference group rate for the hotel booking: 31 March 2023.
- Application for travel support: 14 April 2023.
- Abstract submission deadline: 14 May 2023.
- Conference:  14-16 June 2023.

## Features

- Single track session for talks.
- Dedicated poster session.
- Plenty of time for informal discussions and coding.
- Best student and postdoc presentation prizes.

## Conference venue

The conference will be held at:<br/>
[Hotel Flamingo Resort \*\*\*\*](https://www.hotelflamingosardinia.com/)<br/>
SS 195, Km 33,800 <br/>
09010 [Santa Margherita di Pula (Cagliari)](https://www.sardegnaturismo.it/en/places/south/pula)<br/>
[Sardegna](https://www.sardegnaturismo.it/en), [Italy](https://www.visititaly.eu/).<br/>

## Registration and accommodation

All participants must register for the conference. Registration to the conference and hotel booking are two separate processes, but we suggest to carry them out at the same time.
- The conference has been organised with on site accommodation in mind.
[Hotel Flamingo Resort \*\*\*\*](https://www.hotelflamingosardinia.com/) offers full board accomodation: to book their room, participants have to compile [this form](/assets/extra/fenics2023/hotel-booking-form.docx) and send it directly to the hotel. The conference group rate expired on March 31, 2023, but there may still be a few rooms available: participants are encouraged to get in touch with the hotel manager (see form above for the email address) as soon as possible to inquire on room and conference group rate availability.
- The conference registration fee is 150 €. ~~The early bird conference registration fee was 125 € and expired on March 31, 2023~~. Participants have to compile [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScIr8tgzs0Hm9LEyxpha6SwujJw1jRU1ek15uBzY-IfJf7nVw/viewform) to register. The form includes instructions on how to send the payment, either by bank transfer or on eventbrite. The registration fee is processed by our academic partner network [CSGI, Consorzio per lo Sviluppo dei Sistemi a Grande Interfase](https://www.csgi.unifi.it/).

## Abstract submission

[Call for abstracts](https://forms.gle/h87NAnQ9hi9pp4PP7) is now open.
Titles and abstracts for talk have to be proposed up to May 14, 2023, but registration (with hotel booking) is strongly recommended by March 31, 2023 since hotel rooms are limited.
Conference delegates will be notified if their talk has been accepted. The length
of talks will depend on registration numbers, but is expected to be around 15
minutes (plus time for questions).
Talking is not a prerequisite for attending: you can register for the
conference and attend without talking.

## Travel awards

We offered travel awards for attendees who would otherwise struggle to come to the conference
for financial reasons, e.g. junior students and researchers or those working
in countries with a less developed research infrastructure. Applicants to the
travel award were strongly encouraged to submit an abstract to the conference.

Applications are now closed. The cut-off date for applications was April 14, 2023.

## Getting there

### Getting to Sardinia

The main option for traveling to Sardinia is to fly to the [Cagliari-Elmas Airport](http://www.sogaer.it/en) (CAG).
There are regular flights to Rome and Milan, and [daily direct flights](http://www.sogaer.it/en/destinations) to many other cities in Europe and UK.

If you have time to see more of the island, you might find it interesting to drive and catch the ferry
([Grimalda](https://www.grimaldi-lines.com/en/destination/ferries-to-sardinia/), [Moby](https://www.mobylines.com/routes/ferries-sardinia/), [Tirrenia](https://en.tirrenia.it/)).

### Getting to Pula

The conference hotel is located just outside Pula, around 40 minutes drive south of Cagliari.
For your convenience we intend to organise a transfer bus from Cagliari airport in the afternoon of Tues 12 June,
[contact organisers](https://forms.gle/p4i57unWgugjFWHR8) to get a seat.

If you prefer independent travel or are arriving at a different time, other options are
- regional bus 129 (or 133) from the [central bus station](https://goo.gl/maps/n4PqS5JkyVEa12REA) (next to Cagliari train station)
  to the [Santa Maria (Pula) bus stop](https://goo.gl/maps/8DLbxFtx9zyG9hCp7) on highway SS195. Runs every 20 minutes, Google Maps knows the timetable.
- hire car (available from the airport, and also near Cagliari train station)
- bring your own car or motorbike on the ferry
- taxi (30-40 minutes to drive)

### Getting to Cagliari

The conference venue is near Pula, not in Cagliari.

But Cagliari is a pretty city, do visit it if you have time waiting for your flight (or waiting for the transfer bus).
There are regular trains between the airport (Elmas Aeroporto, not Cagliari-Elmas) and the city (Cagliari) taking only 5 minutes (do check the timetable).

The [central train station](https://goo.gl/maps/3hpgyYguUtspEiBP7) is around the corner from [Piazza Yenne](https://goo.gl/maps/Bo1EgvfLkDTV7RrL9)
and the restaurant and shopping streets ([Corso Vittorio Emanuele II,](https://goo.gl/maps/BKXW1GcLCFvmSeXQ9),
[via Manno](https://goo.gl/maps/3dkC1LmnjKK2RU4d6), [via Garibaldi](https://goo.gl/maps/B2rmdbUh5Rhbp2DB7).
Climb up to the [Bastione and Castello](https://goo.gl/maps/US5Pekdz4b6w2tMQA)
or wander the alleys of [Marina](https://goo.gl/maps/BjumiVQNAjsgxfhBA).

There is luggage storage near Cagliari train station if you want to leave your luggage for a few hours,
in [lockers](https://goo.gl/maps/fV8WdQH3eQdCPjDPA) or with a [tabacchino](https://goo.gl/maps/788w3yX3EoUUi6qx8).


## Code of conduct

We expect all attendees of FEniCS 2023 to follow the FEniCS Project
[code of conduct](../community/code-of-conduct.md). Instances of
abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported
by contacting the conference organizers or the [FEniCS Steering
Council](https://github.com/FEniCS/governance).

## Organizing committee

- [Drew F. Parsons](https://www.unica.it/unica/it/ateneo_s07_ss01.page?contentId=SHD273808), [Università di Cagliari](https://www.unica.it/), Italy (chair)
- [Francesco Ballarin](https://www.francescoballarin.it/), [Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore](https://www.unicatt.it/), Brescia, Italy
- [Chris Richardson](https://www.esc.cam.ac.uk/directory/chris-richardson), [University of Cambridge](https://www.cam.ac.uk/), United Kingdom

## Sponsors
FEniCS 2023 is supported by
- [University of Cagliari](https://www.unica.it/)
- [Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore](https://www.unicatt.it/)
- [NumFOCUS](https://numfocus.org/)
- [CSGI, Consorzio per lo Sviluppo dei Sistemi a Grande Interfase](https://www.csgi.unifi.it/).

[![Università degli Studi di Cagliari](/assets/img/fenics2023/UniCa_nero.svg){: .image-center height="150px" style="padding-top:15px; padding-bottom:25px"}](https://www.unica.it/)

[![Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore](/assets/img/fenics2023/ucsc_logo.png){: .image-center width="40%" style="padding-top:15px; padding-bottom:15px"}](https://www.unicatt.it/)

[![NumFOCUS](/assets/img/numfocus.png){: .image-center width="50%" style="padding-top:15px; padding-bottom:15px"}](https://www.numfocus.org/)

[![CSGI, Consorzio per lo Sviluppo dei Sistemi a Grande Interfase](/assets/img/fenics2023/csgi_logo.png){: .image-center width="40%" style="padding-top:15px; padding-bottom:15px"}](https://www.csgi.unifi.it/)

Commit message:

Add conference program and book of abstracts

conference/2023.md, after:

---
title: FEniCS 2023
subtitle: Hotel Flamingo Resort, Pula (Cagliari), Italy, 14-16 June 2023
image: assets/img/fenics2023/ssk_5625277_pula_antica_citta_nora_filip_fuxa_rsz.jpg
permalink: /fenics-2023/
---
<small>Photo credits: filip_fuxa/shutterstock.com. License: CC BY-NC-SA.</small>

## Updates
- **5 June 2023:** Program announced: [schedule](/assets/extra/fenics2023/FEniCS2023_program.pdf) and [book of abstracts](/assets/extra/fenics2023/BookOfAbstracts.pdf)
- **7 March 2023:** Registration opens: [Hotel booking form](/assets/extra/fenics2023/hotel-booking-form.docx) and [conference registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScIr8tgzs0Hm9LEyxpha6SwujJw1jRU1ek15uBzY-IfJf7nVw/viewform).
- **18 January 2023:** [Abstract submission](https://forms.gle/h87NAnQ9hi9pp4PP7) opens.
- **21 December 2022:** Conference website goes live.

## Description

The FEniCS 2023 conference is an opportunity for all those interested in
the FEniCS Project and related projects to exchange ideas, communicate
their results and network with the automated scientific computing
community.

We welcome developers, existing and potential users of the
FEniCS ecosystem as well as mathematicians, computer scientists and
application domain specialists interested in numerical methods, their
implementation and applications.

The FEniCS 2023 conference will emphasize an open and inclusive
atmosphere, contributed talks from a diverse range of scientific areas,
and dedicated time for discussions and coding.

Links to previous FEniCS conferences can be found [here](index.md).

## Conference program

Download the [conference schedule](/assets/extra/fenics2023/FEniCS2023_program.pdf) and the [book of abstracts](/assets/extra/fenics2023/BookOfAbstracts.pdf).

## Important dates

- Early bird registration and conference group rate for the hotel booking: 31 March 2023.
- Application for travel support: 14 April 2023.
- Abstract submission deadline: 14 May 2023.
- Conference:  14-16 June 2023.

## Features

- Single track session for talks.
- Dedicated poster session.
- Plenty of time for informal discussions and coding.

## Conference venue

The conference will be held at:<br/>
[Hotel Flamingo Resort \*\*\*\*](https://www.hotelflamingosardinia.com/)<br/>
SS 195, Km 33,800 <br/>
09010 [Santa Margherita di Pula (Cagliari)](https://www.sardegnaturismo.it/en/places/south/pula)<br/>
[Sardegna](https://www.sardegnaturismo.it/en), [Italy](https://www.visititaly.eu/).<br/>

## Registration and accommodation

All participants must register for the conference. Registration to the conference and hotel booking are two separate processes, but we suggest to carry them out at the same time.
- The conference has been organised with on site accommodation in mind.
[Hotel Flamingo Resort \*\*\*\*](https://www.hotelflamingosardinia.com/) offers full board accomodation: to book their room, participants have to compile [this form](/assets/extra/fenics2023/hotel-booking-form.docx) and send it directly to the hotel. The conference group rate expired on March 31, 2023, but there may still be a few rooms available: participants are encouraged to get in touch with the hotel manager (see form above for the email address) as soon as possible to inquire on room and conference group rate availability.
- The conference registration fee is 150 €. ~~The early bird conference registration fee was 125 € and expired on March 31, 2023~~. Participants have to compile [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScIr8tgzs0Hm9LEyxpha6SwujJw1jRU1ek15uBzY-IfJf7nVw/viewform) to register. The form includes instructions on how to send the payment, either by bank transfer or on eventbrite. The registration fee is processed by our academic partner network [CSGI, Consorzio per lo Sviluppo dei Sistemi a Grande Interfase](https://www.csgi.unifi.it/).

## Abstract submission

[Call for abstracts](https://forms.gle/h87NAnQ9hi9pp4PP7) is now open.
Titles and abstracts for talk have to be proposed up to May 14, 2023, but registration (with hotel booking) is strongly recommended by March 31, 2023 since hotel rooms are limited.
Conference delegates will be notified if their talk has been accepted. The length
of talks will depend on registration numbers, but is expected to be around 15
minutes (plus time for questions).
Talking is not a prerequisite for attending: you can register for the
conference and attend without talking.

## Travel awards

We offered travel awards for attendees who would otherwise struggle to come to the conference
for financial reasons, e.g. junior students and researchers or those working
in countries with a less developed research infrastructure. Applicants to the
travel award were strongly encouraged to submit an abstract to the conference.

Applications are now closed. The cut-off date for applications was April 14, 2023.

## Getting there

### Getting to Sardinia

The main option for traveling to Sardinia is to fly to the [Cagliari-Elmas Airport](http://www.sogaer.it/en) (CAG).
There are regular flights to Rome and Milan, and [daily direct flights](http://www.sogaer.it/en/destinations) to many other cities in Europe and UK.

If you have time to see more of the island, you might find it interesting to drive and catch the ferry
([Grimalda](https://www.grimaldi-lines.com/en/destination/ferries-to-sardinia/), [Moby](https://www.mobylines.com/routes/ferries-sardinia/), [Tirrenia](https://en.tirrenia.it/)).

### Getting to Pula

The conference hotel is located just outside Pula, around 40 minutes drive south of Cagliari.
For your convenience we intend to organise a transfer bus from Cagliari airport in the afternoon of Tues 12 June,
[contact organisers](https://forms.gle/p4i57unWgugjFWHR8) to get a seat.

If you prefer independent travel or are arriving at a different time, other options are
- regional bus 129 (or 133) from the [central bus station](https://goo.gl/maps/n4PqS5JkyVEa12REA) (next to Cagliari train station)
  to the [Santa Maria (Pula) bus stop](https://goo.gl/maps/8DLbxFtx9zyG9hCp7) on highway SS195. Runs every 20 minutes, Google Maps knows the timetable.
- hire car (available from the airport, and also near Cagliari train station)
- bring your own car or motorbike on the ferry
- taxi (30-40 minutes to drive)

### Getting to Cagliari

The conference venue is near Pula, not in Cagliari.

But Cagliari is a pretty city, do visit it if you have time waiting for your flight (or waiting for the transfer bus).
There are regular trains between the airport (Elmas Aeroporto, not Cagliari-Elmas) and the city (Cagliari) taking only 5 minutes (do check the timetable).

The [central train station](https://goo.gl/maps/3hpgyYguUtspEiBP7) is around the corner from [Piazza Yenne](https://goo.gl/maps/Bo1EgvfLkDTV7RrL9)
and the restaurant and shopping streets ([Corso Vittorio Emanuele II,](https://goo.gl/maps/BKXW1GcLCFvmSeXQ9),
[via Manno](https://goo.gl/maps/3dkC1LmnjKK2RU4d6), [via Garibaldi](https://goo.gl/maps/B2rmdbUh5Rhbp2DB7).
Climb up to the [Bastione and Castello](https://goo.gl/maps/US5Pekdz4b6w2tMQA)
or wander the alleys of [Marina](https://goo.gl/maps/BjumiVQNAjsgxfhBA).

There is luggage storage near Cagliari train station if you want to leave your luggage for a few hours,
in [lockers](https://goo.gl/maps/fV8WdQH3eQdCPjDPA) or with a [tabacchino](https://goo.gl/maps/788w3yX3EoUUi6qx8).


## Code of conduct

We expect all attendees of FEniCS 2023 to follow the FEniCS Project
[code of conduct](../community/code-of-conduct.md). Instances of
abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported
by contacting the conference organizers or the [FEniCS Steering
Council](https://github.com/FEniCS/governance).

## Organizing committee

- [Drew F. Parsons](https://www.unica.it/unica/it/ateneo_s07_ss01.page?contentId=SHD273808), [Università di Cagliari](https://www.unica.it/), Italy (chair)
- [Francesco Ballarin](https://www.francescoballarin.it/), [Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore](https://www.unicatt.it/), Brescia, Italy
- [Chris Richardson](https://www.esc.cam.ac.uk/directory/chris-richardson), [University of Cambridge](https://www.cam.ac.uk/), United Kingdom

## Sponsors
FEniCS 2023 is supported by
- [University of Cagliari](https://www.unica.it/)
- [Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore](https://www.unicatt.it/)
- [NumFOCUS](https://numfocus.org/)
- [CSGI, Consorzio per lo Sviluppo dei Sistemi a Grande Interfase](https://www.csgi.unifi.it/).

[![Università degli Studi di Cagliari](/assets/img/fenics2023/UniCa_nero.svg){: .image-center height="150px" style="padding-top:15px; padding-bottom:25px"}](https://www.unica.it/)

[![Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore](/assets/img/fenics2023/ucsc_logo.png){: .image-center width="40%" style="padding-top:15px; padding-bottom:15px"}](https://www.unicatt.it/)

[![NumFOCUS](/assets/img/numfocus.png){: .image-center width="50%" style="padding-top:15px; padding-bottom:15px"}](https://www.numfocus.org/)

[![CSGI, Consorzio per lo Sviluppo dei Sistemi a Grande Interfase](/assets/img/fenics2023/csgi_logo.png){: .image-center width="40%" style="padding-top:15px; padding-bottom:15px"}](https://www.csgi.unifi.it/)
