conference/2025.md, before:

---
title: FEniCS 2025
subtitle: Bernoulliborg, University of Groningen, The Netherlands, 18-20 June 2025
image: assets/img/fenics2025/groningen.jpg
image-zoom: fill
permalink: /fenics-2025/
---

## Updates
- **13 April 2025:** Abstract submission closes.
- **31 January 2025:** Abstract submission and [registration](https://forms.gle/mXDfVWdkngyEGbY28) open.
- **10 September 2024:** Conference website goes live.

# Description

The FEniCS 2025 conference is an opportunity for all those interested in
the FEniCS Project and related projects to exchange ideas, communicate
their results and network with the automated scientific computing
community. It will be hosted at [Bernoulliborg](https://www.rug.nl/staff/location/5161?lang=en), [University of Groningen](https://www.rug.nl/), The Netherlands.

We welcome developers, existing and potential users of the
FEniCS ecosystem as well as mathematicians, computer scientists and
application domain specialists interested in numerical methods, their
implementation and applications.

The FEniCS 2025 conference will emphasize an open and inclusive
atmosphere, contributed talks from a diverse range of scientific areas,
and dedicated time for discussions and coding.

Links to previous FEniCS conferences can be found [here](index.md).

## Important dates

- Abstract submission deadline: 13 April 2025.
- Application for travel support: 13 April 2025.
- Acceptance of abstracts: 25 April 2025.
- Notification of awards of travel support: 4 May 2025.
- Early bird registration deadline: 11 May 2025.
- Standard registration deadline: 4 June 2025.
- Conference: 18-20 June 2025.

## Features

- Single track session for talks.
- Dedicated poster session.
- Plenty of time for informal discussions and coding.
- Best student and postdoc presentation prizes.

## Conference venue

The conference will be held at:<br/>
Bernoulliborg, University of Groningen<br/>
[Nijenborgh 9](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bernoulliborg/@53.2401818,6.533716,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m6!3m5!1s0x47c9cd1a4f77456b:0x9841c274f3f056e5!8m2!3d53.2401818!4d6.5362909!16s%2Fg%2F11fy9rbjy4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI0MDgyOC4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D)<br/>
9747 AG Groningen<br/>
The Netherlands

## Schedule

The scientific program will run approximately from 1 PM of June 18 to 1 PM of June 20. A detailed scheduled will be posted here in June 2025.

## Registration and accommodation
### Registration

- All participants must register for the conference.
- Early bird registration fee is 200 € and expires on 11 May 2025.
- Standard registration fee is 250 € and expires on 4 June 2025.
- The registration fee includes: conference activities, coffee breaks, lunches, conference dinner, social events. The registration fee is non refundable.
- Participants have to compile [this form](https://forms.gle/mXDfVWdkngyEGbY28) to register. Instructions on how to pay the registration fee are provided there upon completing the registration form.

### Accommodation

The FEniCS conference registration fee does not include accommodation.

A discounted conference rate is offered to conference attendees staying at <a href="https://martinihotel.nl/?lang=en">Martini Hotel</a>:
- Price for 1 person: €129.50 per night
- Price for 2 people: €149.50 per night
- Prices are per room per night, including breakfast and excluding city tax of €4.00 per person per night.
- Free cancellation up to 28 days before the first reserved night.
- Booking reference: FEniCS Martini Hotel.

To book contact the hotel and state the booking reference listed above:<br/>
Martini Hotel<br/>
Gedempte Zuiderdiep 8<br/>
9711 HG Groningen<br/>
+31 50 312 99 19<br/>
<a href="mailto:info@martinihotel.nl">info@martinihotel.nl</a>

## Travel awards

[Flax & Teal](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/) have kindly offered to support travel awards for attendees who would otherwise struggle to come to the conference for financial reasons, e.g. junior students and researchers or those working in countries with a less developed research infrastructure.
Applicants are strongly encouraged to submit an abstract to the conference.
Applications were assessed by the local organizing committee. The cut-off date for applications was 13 April 2025.

Sponsored by:
[![Flax & Teal](/assets/img/flax.png){:.image-center}](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/)

## Abstract submission

- Call for abstracts (talks and posters) closed on 13 April 2025.
- The length of talks will depend on registration numbers, but is expected to be around 15 minutes.
- There will be a dedicated poster session. Thanks to [Flax & Teal](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/) for sponsoring the poster session.
- Presenting is not a prerequisite for attending: you are welcome to register for the conference and attend without talking/presenting a poster.

## Getting there

If you arrive by airplane at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, there are trains to Groningen running every 30 minutes, either direct or with a change in Zwolle. Check the website [www.ns.nl](https://www.ns.nl/en) for the precise schedule once you land. If you are traveling by train from elsewhere in the Netherlands, check the same webpage for details. If you are coming from Germany by train, we strongly advise entering the Netherlands by train via Utrecht or Hengelo/Almelo, and then checking the train connections to Groningen.

## Code of conduct

We expect all attendees of FEniCS 2025 to follow the FEniCS Project
[code of conduct](../community/code-of-conduct.md). Instances of
abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported
by contacting the conference organizers or the [FEniCS Steering
Council](https://github.com/FEniCS/governance).

## Best Presentation and Poster Awards

Thanks to the generous support and sponsorship from the [Ridgway Scott Foundation](https://people.cs.uchicago.edu/~ridg/prizes/prizes.html), we are thrilled to announce that the following awards will be presented at the conference:

- Best FEniCS 2025 Presentation by a PhD Candidate
- Best FEniCS 2025 Presentation by a Postdoctoral Researcher
- Best FEniCS 2025 Poster

All eligible presentations and posters will be evaluated by the FEniCS 2025 Award Committee appointed by the FEniCS Steering Council.

### Members of the FEniCS 2025 Award Committee

TBA

### Grading system for presentations

Judges will use a seven-point scale (0-7) to judge presentations on the following criterion:

#### Comprehension & Content

- The speaker provided clear background and significance to the research question.
- The speaker clearly described the research strategy/design and the results/findings of the research.
- The speaker clearly described the conclusions, outcomes and impact of the research, and was able to answer audience questions.

#### Engagement & Communication

- The oration was delivered clearly, and the language was appropriate for a non-specialist audience.
- The presentation slide deck was well-organized and enhanced the presentation.
- The presenter conveyed enthusiasm for their research, articulated thoughtful answers to questions, and captured and maintained the audience’s attention.

The score for each statement will be weighted equally into a final score. The final decision will be made jointly in the judges deliberation session taking the score and other comments into account.

### Grading system for posters

Judges will use a seven-point scale (0-7) to judge the the poster and its presentation during the session on the following criterion:

#### Comprehension & Content

- The poster provided clear background and significance to the research question.
- The poster clearly described the research strategy/design and the results/findings of the research.
- The poster clearly described the conclusions, outcomes and impact of the research, and the presenter was able to answer the questions of the judges.

#### Engagement & Communication

- The poster used language was appropriate for a non-specialist audience.
- The poster was well-organized and visually appealing.


## Nate Sime's Award for Exceptional FEniCS Visualization

This award is intended to acknowledge the effort scientists place into the presentation of their work.

The winning image or video is judged to be most beautiful according to the committee's subjective sense of aesthetics.
Emphasis is given to the visual appeal of the image or video rather than the impact of the underlying science.
Ideally the winning image or video will summarise the complexity of the underlying science for the uninitiated scientist ("a picture tells a thousand words").

The image or video must be:
- Composed from data generated primarily by using the FEniCS project
- Relevant to the advancement of science


## Sponsors

We acknowledge the generous support from the [Flax & Teal](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/) to sponsor travel awards and poster session.

[![Flax & Teal](/assets/img/flax.png){:.image-center}](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/)

We further thank sponsorship from the [Ridgway Scott Foundation](https://people.cs.uchicago.edu/~ridg/prizes/prizes.html) to support Best Presentation and Poster Awards.

## Organizing committee

- [Cristóbal Bertoglio](https://sites.google.com/view/cvmath/people/bertoglio), [University of Groningen](https://www.rug.nl/), The Netherlands (chair)
- [David Nolte](https://sites.google.com/view/cvmath/people/nolte), [University of Groningen](https://www.rug.nl/), The Netherlands
- [Jaroslav Hron](https://www.karlin.mff.cuni.cz/~hron/), [Charles University](https://cuni.cz/), Prague, Czech Republic
- [Francesco Ballarin](https://www.francescoballarin.it/), [Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore](https://www.unicatt.it/), Brescia, Italy

Commit message:

Update FEniCS 2025 page: close registration, link to zenodo, prizes (#208)

conference/2025.md, after:

---
title: FEniCS 2025
subtitle: Bernoulliborg, University of Groningen, The Netherlands, 18-20 June 2025
image: assets/img/fenics2025/groningen.jpg
image-zoom: fill
permalink: /fenics-2025/
---

## Updates
- **7 June 2025:** [Programme](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15532609) is announced.
- **4 June 2025:** Registration closes.
- **13 April 2025:** Abstract submission closes.
- **31 January 2025:** Abstract submission and registration open.
- **10 September 2024:** Conference website goes live.

# Description

The FEniCS 2025 conference is an opportunity for all those interested in
the FEniCS Project and related projects to exchange ideas, communicate
their results and network with the automated scientific computing
community. It will be hosted at [Bernoulliborg](https://www.rug.nl/staff/location/5161?lang=en), [University of Groningen](https://www.rug.nl/), The Netherlands.

We welcome developers, existing and potential users of the
FEniCS ecosystem as well as mathematicians, computer scientists and
application domain specialists interested in numerical methods, their
implementation and applications.

The FEniCS 2025 conference will emphasize an open and inclusive
atmosphere, contributed talks from a diverse range of scientific areas,
and dedicated time for discussions and coding.

Links to previous FEniCS conferences can be found [here](index.md).

## Important dates

- Abstract submission deadline: 13 April 2025.
- Application for travel support: 13 April 2025.
- Acceptance of abstracts: 25 April 2025.
- Notification of awards of travel support: 4 May 2025.
- Early bird registration deadline: 11 May 2025.
- Standard registration deadline: 4 June 2025.
- Conference: 18-20 June 2025.

## Features

- Single track session for talks.
- Dedicated poster session.
- Plenty of time for informal discussions and coding.
- Best student and postdoc presentation prizes.

## Conference venue

The conference will be held at:<br/>
Bernoulliborg, University of Groningen<br/>
[Nijenborgh 9](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bernoulliborg/@53.2401818,6.533716,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m6!3m5!1s0x47c9cd1a4f77456b:0x9841c274f3f056e5!8m2!3d53.2401818!4d6.5362909!16s%2Fg%2F11fy9rbjy4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI0MDgyOC4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D)<br/>
9747 AG Groningen<br/>
The Netherlands

## Schedule

The programme and the book of abstracts of the conference are now available on [zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15532609).


## Registration and accommodation
### Registration

- All participants must register for the conference.
- Registrations are now closed.
- The registration fee includes: conference activities, coffee breaks, lunches, conference dinner, social events. The registration fee is non refundable.

### Accommodation

The FEniCS conference registration fee does not include accommodation.

A discounted conference rate is offered to conference attendees staying at <a href="https://martinihotel.nl/?lang=en">Martini Hotel</a>:
- Price for 1 person: €129.50 per night
- Price for 2 people: €149.50 per night
- Prices are per room per night, including breakfast and excluding city tax of €4.00 per person per night.
- Free cancellation up to 28 days before the first reserved night.
- Booking reference: FEniCS Martini Hotel.

To book contact the hotel and state the booking reference listed above:<br/>
Martini Hotel<br/>
Gedempte Zuiderdiep 8<br/>
9711 HG Groningen<br/>
+31 50 312 99 19<br/>
<a href="mailto:info@martinihotel.nl">info@martinihotel.nl</a>

## Travel awards

[Flax & Teal](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/) have kindly offered to support travel awards for attendees who would otherwise struggle to come to the conference for financial reasons, e.g. junior students and researchers or those working in countries with a less developed research infrastructure.
Applicants are strongly encouraged to submit an abstract to the conference.
Applications were assessed by the local organizing committee. The cut-off date for applications was 13 April 2025.

Sponsored by:
[![Flax & Teal](/assets/img/flax.png){:.image-center}](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/)

## Abstract submission

- Call for abstracts (talks and posters) closed on 13 April 2025.
- Each oral presentation is scheduled for 20 minutes, followed by an additional 5 minutes allocated for questions.
- There will be a dedicated poster session. Thanks to [Flax & Teal](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/) for sponsoring the poster session.
- Presenting is not a prerequisite for attending: you are welcome to register for the conference and attend without talking/presenting a poster.

## Getting there

If you arrive by airplane at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, there are trains to Groningen running every 30 minutes, either direct or with a change in Zwolle. Check the website [www.ns.nl](https://www.ns.nl/en) for the precise schedule once you land. If you are traveling by train from elsewhere in the Netherlands, check the same webpage for details. If you are coming from Germany by train, we strongly advise entering the Netherlands by train via Utrecht or Hengelo/Almelo, and then checking the train connections to Groningen.

In Groningen, public buses use a tap-in/tap-out system. You can simply tap your contactless
credit or debit card on the card reader when boarding and tap again when exiting.
The fare is automatically calculated and charged to their card—no need for tickets or local apps.
If required e.g. for reimbursement, the [OVpay app](https://www.ovpay.nl/en/app) can show a
detailed travel history. Trip details for a specific payment can also be retrieved without an app
or account on [zelfregelen.ovpay.nl/reisoverzicht](https://zelfregelen.ovpay.nl/reisoverzicht).

## Code of conduct

We expect all attendees of FEniCS 2025 to follow the FEniCS Project
[code of conduct](../community/code-of-conduct.md). Instances of
abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported
by contacting the conference organizers or the [FEniCS Steering
Council](https://github.com/FEniCS/governance).

## Best Presentation and Poster Awards

Thanks to the generous support and sponsorship from the [Ridgway Scott Foundation](https://people.cs.uchicago.edu/~ridg/prizes/prizes.html), we are thrilled to announce that the following awards will be presented at the conference:

- Best FEniCS 2025 Presentation by a PhD Candidate
- Best FEniCS 2025 Presentation by a Postdoctoral Researcher
- Best FEniCS 2025 Poster

All eligible presentations and posters will be evaluated by the FEniCS 2025 Award Committee appointed by the FEniCS Steering Council.

### Members of the FEniCS 2025 Award Committee

- Jack Hale (University of Luxembourg, representative of the FEniCS steering council)
- Davide Nolte (University of Groningen, representative of the organizers)
- Joseph Dean (University of Cambridge)
- Alena Jarolímová (Charles University)

### Grading system for presentations

Judges will use a seven-point scale (0-7) to judge presentations on the following criterion:

#### Comprehension & Content

- The speaker provided clear background and significance to the research question.
- The speaker clearly described the research strategy/design and the results/findings of the research.
- The speaker clearly described the conclusions, outcomes and impact of the research, and was able to answer audience questions.

#### Engagement & Communication

- The oration was delivered clearly, and the language was appropriate for a non-specialist audience.
- The presentation slide deck was well-organized and enhanced the presentation.
- The presenter conveyed enthusiasm for their research, articulated thoughtful answers to questions, and captured and maintained the audience’s attention.

The score for each statement will be weighted equally into a final score. The final decision will be made jointly in the judges deliberation session taking the score and other comments into account.

### Grading system for posters

Judges will use a seven-point scale (0-7) to judge the the poster and its presentation during the session on the following criterion:

#### Comprehension & Content

- The poster provided clear background and significance to the research question.
- The poster clearly described the research strategy/design and the results/findings of the research.
- The poster clearly described the conclusions, outcomes and impact of the research, and the presenter was able to answer the questions of the judges.

#### Engagement & Communication

- The poster used language was appropriate for a non-specialist audience.
- The poster was well-organized and visually appealing.


## Nate Sime's Award for Exceptional FEniCS Visualization

This award is intended to acknowledge the effort scientists place into the presentation of their work.

The winning image or video is judged to be most beautiful according to the committee's subjective sense of aesthetics.
Emphasis is given to the visual appeal of the image or video rather than the impact of the underlying science.
Ideally the winning image or video will summarise the complexity of the underlying science for the uninitiated scientist ("a picture tells a thousand words").

The image or video must be:
- Composed from data generated primarily by using the FEniCS project
- Relevant to the advancement of science


## Sponsors

We acknowledge the generous support from the [Flax & Teal](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/) to sponsor travel awards and poster session.

[![Flax & Teal](/assets/img/flax.png){:.image-center}](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/)

We further thank sponsorship from the [Ridgway Scott Foundation](https://people.cs.uchicago.edu/~ridg/prizes/prizes.html) to support Best Presentation and Poster Awards.

## Organizing committee

- [Cristóbal Bertoglio](https://sites.google.com/view/cvmath/people/bertoglio), [University of Groningen](https://www.rug.nl/), The Netherlands (chair)
- [David Nolte](https://sites.google.com/view/cvmath/people/nolte), [University of Groningen](https://www.rug.nl/), The Netherlands
- [Jaroslav Hron](https://www.karlin.mff.cuni.cz/~hron/), [Charles University](https://cuni.cz/), Prague, Czech Republic
- [Francesco Ballarin](https://www.francescoballarin.it/), [Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore](https://www.unicatt.it/), Brescia & Milano, Italy
