conference/2026.md, before:

---
title: FEniCS 2026
subtitle: University of Chicago in Paris<br/>John W. Boyer Center, Paris, France<br/>17-19 June 2026
image: assets/img/fenics2026/universityofchicagoparis.jpg
image-zoom: fill
permalink: /fenics-2026/
---

## Updates

* **16 January 2026**: Abstract submission is open.
* **27 November 2025**: Abstract submission deadline is announced as 13 March 2026.
* **12 September 2025**: FEniCS 2026 is announced.

# Description

The FEniCS 2026 conference is an opportunity for all those interested in
the FEniCS Project and related projects to exchange ideas, communicate
their results and network with the automated scientific computing
community. It will be hosted in **Paris (France)** at
[University of Chicago | John W. Boyer Center](https://centerinparis.uchicago.edu/).

We welcome developers, existing and potential users of the
FEniCS ecosystem as well as mathematicians, computer scientists and
application domain specialists interested in numerical methods, their
implementation and applications.

The FEniCS 2026 conference emphasizes an open and inclusive
atmosphere, contributed talks from a diverse range of scientific areas,
and dedicated time for discussions and coding.

Links to previous FEniCS conferences can be found [here](index.md).

## Important dates

- Abstract submission is open: 16 January 2026.
- Abstract submission deadline: 13 March 2026.
- Information about abstract acceptence is publshed: TBA
- Early bird registration deadline: 15 May 2026.
- Standard registration deadline: 1 June 2026.
- Conference: 17-19 June 2026.

## Features

- Single track session for talks.
- Dedicated poster session including presentation of FEniCS-based software packages.
- Plenty of time for informal discussions and coding.
- Best student and postdoc presentation prizes.
- Tutorial session: an optional hands-on session focused on advanced features and design of FEniCSx. It is scheduled as a morning session on the first day of the conference.

## Conference venue

The conference will take place at:<br/>
[University of Chicago | John W. Boyer Center](https://maps.app.goo.gl/ZGsSNiFAddyisY4R6)<br/>
41 Rue des Grands Moulins<br/>
75013 Paris<br/>
France

## Registration

- Link to the registration form and deadlines will be posted in early 2026.
- Early bird registration fee will be set around 200€-250€.
- All participants must register for the conference.
- The registration fee includes: conference activities, coffee breaks,
  conference dinner, social events. The registration fee does not include
  lunches and it is non refundable.

## Abstract submission

- [Call for abstracts (talks and posters)](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf746nuRPk8VcpVispuXuhExP2W9GQPdXP5lEvs7NjIYLzQnQ/viewform) is now open, and closes on 13 March 2026.
- Conference delegates will be notified about abstract acceptance after abstract submission closes.
- The length of talks will depend on registration numbers, but is expected to be around 15 minutes.
- There will be a dedicated poster session. Thanks to [Flax & Teal](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/) for sponsoring the poster session.
- Presenting is not a prerequisite for attending: you are welcome to register for the conference and attend without talking/presenting a poster.

## Travel awards

[Flax & Teal](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/) and [d'Alembert Institut | Sorbonne University](https://www.dalembert.upmc.fr/ijlrda/) have kindly offered to support travel
awards for attendees who would otherwise struggle to come to the conference for
financial reasons. Priority will be given to junior students and researchers or
those working in countries with a less developed research infrastructure.
Applicants are strongly encouraged to submit an abstract to the conference.
- To apply for a travel award, send a letter of motivation, an estimation of travel costs, CV and if applicable, the title of the submitted conference abstract to [andrey.latyshev@uni.lu](mailto:andrey.latyshev@uni.lu?cc=corrado.maurini%40sorbonne-universite.fr%2Cridg%40uchicago.edu&subject=FEniCS26%3A%20).
- Applications will be assessed by the local organizing committee. The cut-off date for applications is 13 March 2026.

## Code of conduct

We expect all attendees of FEniCS 2026 to follow the FEniCS Project
[code of conduct](../community/code-of-conduct.md). Instances of
abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported
by contacting the conference organizers or the [FEniCS Steering
Council](https://github.com/FEniCS/governance).

## Sponsors
We acknowledge the generous support from the [Flax &
Teal](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/) to sponsor travel awards and poster session

[![Flax & Teal](/assets/img/flax.png){:.image-center}](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/)

as well as [d'Alembert Institut | Sorbonne
University](https://www.dalembert.upmc.fr/ijlrda/) for sponsoring extra travel awards

[![d'Alembert Institut](/assets/img/fenics2026/logo_dalembert.png){:.image-center}](https://www.dalembert.upmc.fr/ijlrda/)

We further thank sponsorship from the [Ridgway Scott Foundation](https://people.cs.uchicago.edu/~ridg/prizes/prizes.html) to support Best Presentation and Poster Awards.

## Organizing committee

- [Jérémy Bleyer](https://bleyerj.github.io/), École des Ponts/IP Paris.
- [Susanne Claus](https://www.linkedin.com/in/susanne-claus-ab47387/), ONERA.
- [Jack S. Hale](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-7216-861X), University of Luxembourg and FEniCS Project Steering Council representative.
- [Andrey Latyshev](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrey-latyshev/), Sorbonne Université and University of Luxembourg.
- [Claire Lestringant](http://www.dalembert.upmc.fr/home/lestringant/), Sorbonne Université.
- [Corrado Maurini](http://www.lmm.jussieu.fr/~corrado/), Sorbonne Université.
- [Ridgway Scott](https://people.cs.uchicago.edu/~ridg/), University of Chicago.

## Contact

If you have any questions about the conference organization, please contact: [andrey.latyshev@uni.lu](mailto:andrey.latyshev@uni.lu?cc=corrado.maurini%40sorbonne-universite.fr%2Cridg%40uchicago.edu&subject=FEniCS26%3A%20).

Commit message:

Fenics 2026 update contact (#221)
* Open abstract submission, add comment on fees

* Add sponsors

* Better logo

* Update contact email, fix grammar

conference/2026.md, after:

---
title: FEniCS 2026
subtitle: University of Chicago in Paris<br/>John W. Boyer Center, Paris, France<br/>17-19 June 2026
image: assets/img/fenics2026/universityofchicagoparis.jpg
image-zoom: fill
permalink: /fenics-2026/
---

## Updates

* **16 January 2026**: Abstract submission is open.
* **27 November 2025**: Abstract submission deadline is announced as 13 March 2026.
* **12 September 2025**: FEniCS 2026 is announced.

# Description

The FEniCS 2026 conference is an opportunity for all those interested in
the FEniCS Project and related projects to exchange ideas, communicate
their results and network with the automated scientific computing
community. It will be hosted in **Paris (France)** at
[University of Chicago | John W. Boyer Center](https://centerinparis.uchicago.edu/).

We welcome developers, existing and potential users of the
FEniCS ecosystem as well as mathematicians, computer scientists and
application domain specialists interested in numerical methods, their
implementation and applications.

The FEniCS 2026 conference emphasizes an open and inclusive
atmosphere, contributed talks from a diverse range of scientific areas,
and dedicated time for discussions and coding.

Links to previous FEniCS conferences can be found [here](index.md).

## Important dates

- Abstract submission is open: 16 January 2026.
- Abstract submission deadline: 13 March 2026.
- Information about abstract acceptance is published: TBA
- Early bird registration deadline: 15 May 2026.
- Standard registration deadline: 1 June 2026.
- Conference: 17-19 June 2026.

## Features

- Single track session for talks.
- Dedicated poster session including presentation of FEniCS-based software packages.
- Plenty of time for informal discussions and coding.
- Best student and postdoc presentation prizes.
- Tutorial session: an optional hands-on session focused on advanced features and design of FEniCSx. It is scheduled as a morning session on the first day of the conference.

## Conference venue

The conference will take place at:<br/>
[University of Chicago | John W. Boyer Center](https://maps.app.goo.gl/ZGsSNiFAddyisY4R6)<br/>
41 Rue des Grands Moulins<br/>
75013 Paris<br/>
France

## Registration

- Link to the registration form and deadlines will be posted in early 2026.
- Early bird registration fee will be set around 200€-250€.
- All participants must register for the conference.
- The registration fee includes: conference activities, coffee breaks,
  conference dinner, social events. The registration fee does not include
  lunches and it is non refundable.

## Abstract submission

- [Call for abstracts (talks and posters)](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf746nuRPk8VcpVispuXuhExP2W9GQPdXP5lEvs7NjIYLzQnQ/viewform) is now open, and closes on 13 March 2026.
- Conference delegates will be notified about abstract acceptance after abstract submission closes.
- The length of talks will depend on registration numbers, but is expected to be around 15 minutes.
- There will be a dedicated poster session. Thanks to [Flax & Teal](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/) for sponsoring the poster session.
- Presenting is not a prerequisite for attending: you are welcome to register for the conference and attend without talking/presenting a poster.

## Travel awards

[Flax & Teal](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/) and [d'Alembert Institute | Sorbonne University](https://www.dalembert.upmc.fr/ijlrda/) have kindly offered to support travel
awards for attendees who would otherwise struggle to come to the conference for
financial reasons. Priority will be given to junior students and researchers or
those working in countries with a less developed research infrastructure.
Applicants are strongly encouraged to submit an abstract to the conference.
- To apply for a travel award, send a letter of motivation, an estimation of travel costs, CV and if applicable, the title of the submitted conference abstract to [fenics-2026@dalembert.upmc.fr](mailto:fenics-2026@dalembert.upmc.fr?cc=corrado.maurini%40sorbonne-universite.fr%2Cridg%40uchicago.edu&subject=FEniCS26%3A%20).
- Applications will be assessed by the local organizing committee. The cut-off date for applications is 13 March 2026.

## Code of conduct

We expect all attendees of FEniCS 2026 to follow the FEniCS Project
[code of conduct](../community/code-of-conduct.md). Instances of
abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported
by contacting the conference organizers or the [FEniCS Steering
Council](https://github.com/FEniCS/governance).

## Sponsors
We acknowledge the generous support from the [Flax &
Teal](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/) to sponsor travel awards and poster session

[![Flax & Teal](/assets/img/flax.png){:.image-center}](https://flaxandteal.co.uk/)

as well as [d'Alembert Institute | Sorbonne
University](https://www.dalembert.upmc.fr/ijlrda/) for sponsoring extra travel awards

[![d'Alembert Institut](/assets/img/fenics2026/logo_dalembert.png){:.image-center}](https://www.dalembert.upmc.fr/ijlrda/)

We further thank sponsorship from the [Ridgway Scott Foundation](https://people.cs.uchicago.edu/~ridg/prizes/prizes.html) to support Best Presentation and Poster Awards.

## Organizing committee

- [Jérémy Bleyer](https://bleyerj.github.io/), École des Ponts/IP Paris.
- [Susanne Claus](https://www.linkedin.com/in/susanne-claus-ab47387/), ONERA.
- [Jack S. Hale](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-7216-861X), University of Luxembourg and FEniCS Project Steering Council representative.
- [Andrey Latyshev](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrey-latyshev/), Sorbonne Université and University of Luxembourg.
- [Claire Lestringant](http://www.dalembert.upmc.fr/home/lestringant/), Sorbonne Université.
- [Corrado Maurini](http://www.lmm.jussieu.fr/~corrado/), Sorbonne Université.
- [Ridgway Scott](https://people.cs.uchicago.edu/~ridg/), University of Chicago.

## Contact

If you have any questions about the conference organization, please contact: [fenics-2026@dalembert.upmc.fr](mailto:fenics-2026@dalembert.upmc.fr?cc=corrado.maurini%40sorbonne-universite.fr%2Cridg%40uchicago.edu&subject=FEniCS26%3A%20).
