index.md, before:

---
title: FEniCSx
subtitle: fenicsxversion
image: assets/img/headers/design.jpg
layout: with_twitter_sidebar
---

## The FEniCSx computing platform

FEniCSx is a popular open-source 
([LGPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.en.html)) computing 
platform for solving partial differential equations (PDEs). FEniCSx 
enables users to quickly translate scientific models into efficient 
finite element code. With the high-level Python and C++ interfaces to 
FEniCSx, it is easy to get started, but FEniCSx offers also powerful 
capabilities for more experienced programmers. FEniCSx runs on a 
multitude of platforms ranging from laptops to high-performance 
clusters.

## Solving a PDE in FEniCSx

As an illustration of how to program a simple PDE model with FEniCSx, consider the Stokes 
equations in variational form:

$$
\int_{\Omega} \mathrm{grad} \, u : \mathrm{grad} \, v \,\mathrm{d}x \, -
\int_{\Omega} p \, \mathrm{div} \, v \,\mathrm{d}x +
\int_{\Omega} \mathrm{div} \, u \, q \,\mathrm{d}x =
\int_{\Omega} f \cdot v \,\mathrm{d}x.
$$

The variational problem is easily transcribed into Python using mathematical operators in FEniCSx:

```python
# Define function space
P2 = ufl.VectorElement("CG", ufl.tetrahedron, 2)
P1 = ufl.FiniteElement("CG", ufl.tetrahedron, 1)
TH = ufl.MixedElement([P2, P1])
W = dolfinx.fem.FunctionSpace(mesh, TH)

# Define variational problem
(u, p) = ufl.TrialFunctions(W)
(v, q) = ufl.TestFunctions(W)
a = inner(grad(u), grad(v)) * dx - p * div(v) * dx + div(u) * q * dx
L = inner(f, v) * dx

# Compute solution
solver = dolfinx.fem.LinearProblem(
    a, L, bcs, petsc_options={"ksp_type": "preonly", "pc_type": "lu",
                              "pc_factor_mat_solver_type": "mumps"})
solver.solve()
```

The above code snippet also shows how to define a suitable finite element
function space, using continuous piecewise quadratic vector-valued functions
for the velocity and continuous piecewise linear functions for the pressure
(Taylor-Hood). The computational domain and mesh are also easily created with
[gmsh](https://gmsh.info/), here defined by three spheres immersed in a 3D
channel.

![Stokes example](/assets/img/stokesexample.png){: .image-center }

```python
import gmsh

model = gmsh.model()
model.add("Channel")
model.setCurrent("Channel")

h = 0.25
r = 0.3 * h
box = model.occ.addBox(0, 0, 0, 1, h, h)
s0 = model.occ.addSphere(0.3, 0.50 * h, 0.50 * h, r)
s1 = model.occ.addSphere(0.5, 0.65 * h, 0.65 * h, r)
s2 = model.occ.addSphere(0.7, 0.35 * h, 0.35 * h, r)

domain = model.occ.cut([(3, box)], [(3, s0), (3, s1), (3, s2)])

model.occ.synchronize()
model.mesh.generate(3)
```

## High-performance computing

![An example image](/assets/img/tc_vm.png){: .image-left }
Each component of the FEniCSx platform has been fundamentally designed for parallel processing. 
Executing a FEniCSx script in parallel is as simple as calling `mpirun -np 64 python script.py`. 
This framework allows for rapid prototyping of finite element formulations and solvers on 
laptops and workstations, and the same code may then be deployed on large high-performance 
computers.

The figure shows the von Mises stresses computed from a nonlinear thermomechanical FEniCSx 
simulation of a turbocharger. The finite element system of linear equations comprises more 
than \\(3.3 \times 10^9\\) degrees of freedom. The solver was initially developed on a desktop computer 
for a small scale problem, and the same code was then deployed on a supercomputer using over 
24,000 parallel processes.

## Installation and documentation

FEniCSx is available for a range of platforms (Linux, Mac, Windows). Choose between Docker 
containers, binary packages, Spack packages and source code. Visit our [installation page](download/index.md) to get the latest 
version of FEniCSx. FEniCSx comes with [extensive documentation](documentation/index.md) and numerous examples. A good 
starting point is the [FEniCSx Tutorial](https://jorgensd.github.io/dolfinx-tutorial/).

## About
The FEniCS Project is developed and maintained as a freely available, open-source project by a 
global community of scientists and software developers. The project is developed by the FEniCS 
Community, is [governed](governance/index.md) by the [FEniCS Steering Council](governance/steering-council.md) and is overseen by the
[FEniCS Advisory Board](governance/advisory-board.md).

FEniCS is a [NumFOCUS](https://www.numfocus.org/) fiscally supported project. If you like FEniCS and want to support our 
mission to produce the best possible platform for open-source computing, consider making a 
donation to our project.

[![NumFOCUS](/assets/img/numfocus.png){: .image-center }](https://www.numfocus.org/)

Commit message:

Move legacy FEniCS info to archive pages (#70)
* Archive download instructions

* trailing /

* Archive documentation

* update community page

* legacy

* Add fenicsx vs legacy section

* update test

* flake

* docker instructions

* typo

* add Basix papers

* link to installation instructions in docs

index.md, after:

---
title: FEniCSx
subtitle: fenicsxversion
image: assets/img/headers/design.jpg
layout: with_twitter_sidebar
---

## The FEniCSx computing platform

FEniCSx is a popular open-source 
([LGPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.en.html)) computing 
platform for solving partial differential equations (PDEs). FEniCSx 
enables users to quickly translate scientific models into efficient 
finite element code. With the high-level Python and C++ interfaces to 
FEniCSx, it is easy to get started, but FEniCSx offers also powerful 
capabilities for more experienced programmers. FEniCSx runs on a 
multitude of platforms ranging from laptops to high-performance 
clusters.

## Solving a PDE in FEniCSx

As an illustration of how to program a simple PDE model with FEniCSx, consider the Stokes 
equations in variational form:

$$
\int_{\Omega} \mathrm{grad} \, u : \mathrm{grad} \, v \,\mathrm{d}x \, -
\int_{\Omega} p \, \mathrm{div} \, v \,\mathrm{d}x +
\int_{\Omega} \mathrm{div} \, u \, q \,\mathrm{d}x =
\int_{\Omega} f \cdot v \,\mathrm{d}x.
$$

The variational problem is easily transcribed into Python using mathematical operators in FEniCSx:

```python
# Define function space
P2 = ufl.VectorElement("CG", ufl.tetrahedron, 2)
P1 = ufl.FiniteElement("CG", ufl.tetrahedron, 1)
TH = ufl.MixedElement([P2, P1])
W = dolfinx.fem.FunctionSpace(mesh, TH)

# Define variational problem
(u, p) = ufl.TrialFunctions(W)
(v, q) = ufl.TestFunctions(W)
a = inner(grad(u), grad(v)) * dx - p * div(v) * dx + div(u) * q * dx
L = inner(f, v) * dx

# Compute solution
solver = dolfinx.fem.LinearProblem(
    a, L, bcs, petsc_options={"ksp_type": "preonly", "pc_type": "lu",
                              "pc_factor_mat_solver_type": "mumps"})
solver.solve()
```

The above code snippet also shows how to define a suitable finite element
function space, using continuous piecewise quadratic vector-valued functions
for the velocity and continuous piecewise linear functions for the pressure
(Taylor-Hood). The computational domain and mesh are also easily created with
[gmsh](https://gmsh.info/), here defined by three spheres immersed in a 3D
channel.

![Stokes example](/assets/img/stokesexample.png){: .image-center }

```python
import gmsh

model = gmsh.model()
model.add("Channel")
model.setCurrent("Channel")

h = 0.25
r = 0.3 * h
box = model.occ.addBox(0, 0, 0, 1, h, h)
s0 = model.occ.addSphere(0.3, 0.50 * h, 0.50 * h, r)
s1 = model.occ.addSphere(0.5, 0.65 * h, 0.65 * h, r)
s2 = model.occ.addSphere(0.7, 0.35 * h, 0.35 * h, r)

domain = model.occ.cut([(3, box)], [(3, s0), (3, s1), (3, s2)])

model.occ.synchronize()
model.mesh.generate(3)
```

## High-performance computing

![An example image](/assets/img/tc_vm.png){: .image-left }
Each component of the FEniCSx platform has been fundamentally designed for parallel processing. 
Executing a FEniCSx script in parallel is as simple as calling `mpirun -np 64 python script.py`. 
This framework allows for rapid prototyping of finite element formulations and solvers on 
laptops and workstations, and the same code may then be deployed on large high-performance 
computers.

The figure shows the von Mises stresses computed from a nonlinear thermomechanical FEniCSx 
simulation of a turbocharger. The finite element system of linear equations comprises more 
than \\(3.3 \times 10^9\\) degrees of freedom. The solver was initially developed on a desktop computer 
for a small scale problem, and the same code was then deployed on a supercomputer using over 
24,000 parallel processes.

## Installation and documentation

FEniCSx is available for a range of platforms (Linux, Mac, Windows). Choose between Docker 
containers, binary packages, Spack packages and source code. Visit our [installation page](download/index.md) to get the latest 
version of FEniCSx. FEniCSx comes with [extensive documentation](documentation/index.md) and numerous examples. A good 
starting point is the [FEniCSx Tutorial](https://jorgensd.github.io/dolfinx-tutorial/).

## FEniCSx vs legacy FEniCSx
In 2018, work started on FEniCSx: the new version of the FEniCS library. FEniCSx has a number of major improvements
over the legacy library, including support for a wide range of cell types and elements, memory parallelisation, and
complex number support, as well as a large number of improvements to the overall library design.
FEniCSx is comprised of the libraries UFL, Basix, FFCx and DOLFINx.
The latest version of FEniCSx ({{ site.fenicsxversion }}) was released in {{ site.fenicsxversiondate }}.

Now that development is focussed on FEniCSx, updates are made very rarely to the legacy FEniCS library. We
recommend that users consider using FEniCSx instead of the legacy library.
Lecacy FEniCS is comprised of the libraries UFL, FIAT, FFC and DOLFIN.
The latest version of legacy FEniCS ({{ site.fenicsversion }}) was released in {{ site.fenicsversiondate }}.

## About
The FEniCS Project is developed and maintained as a freely available, open-source project by a 
global community of scientists and software developers. The project is developed by the FEniCS 
Community, is [governed](governance/index.md) by the [FEniCS Steering Council](governance/steering-council.md) and is overseen by the
[FEniCS Advisory Board](governance/advisory-board.md).

FEniCS is a [NumFOCUS](https://www.numfocus.org/) fiscally supported project. If you like FEniCS and want to support our 
mission to produce the best possible platform for open-source computing, consider making a 
donation to our project.

[![NumFOCUS](/assets/img/numfocus.png){: .image-center }](https://www.numfocus.org/)
