README.md, before:

# FEniCS website
This repository contains the FEniCS website.

## Editing this website
To edit this website:

1) Make a new branch (if you have access to push to this repo) or a new fork.

2) Make your changes in your branch/fork.

3) Open a pull request.

If you think something on the website should be change, but you're not sure how to do it,
please [open an issue](https://github.com/FEniCS/web/issues) describing the change you
would like to suggest.

## Code of conduct

When interacting with others (eg when discussing issues or pull requests), you
are expected to follow the FEniCS project [code of conduct](https://fenicsproject.org/code-of-conduct/).

## Structure of this repo

### Website pages
The website is generated from of the content of `.md` files in the main folder and
subfolders (excluding `README.md`). Markdown and HTML can be included in these files.
LaTeX-style maths can be included between `\\(` and `\\)` for inline maths; or `$$` and `$$`
for a block of maths.

At the start of each `.md` file, page setting can be given between two lines containing only `---`.
For example, `index.md` starts with:

```
---
title: FEniCSx
image: assets/img/headers/design.jpg
---
```

The `title` is displayed at the top of the page, with the `subtitle` (optional) below it. The
`image` will be used as the background of the header; if no image is given, a default image will
be used. The `layout` is used to select which layout the page uses: this can currently only be `default`
(for a default style page). If `layout`
is not set, then `default` will be used. `permalink` sets the url of the page: for example, if set to 
`/fenics/`, the page would be available at `https://fenicsproject.org/fenics/`.

### Assets
Files in the `assets` folder will be included as part of the website. Images and other files can
be included in this folder.

### Navigation bar
The links included in the navigation bar are defined in [`_data/navbar.yml`](https://github.com/FEniCS/web/blob/main/_data/navbar.yml).
Each link is given a `title`, which will be displayed in the navigation bar; and a `page` which will be linked to.
`page` should either be an external url (starting `http://` or `https://`) or a permalink of a page (starting `/`).

### Latest versions
The latest released version of FEniCS and FEniCSx (and their release dates) can be set in
[`_config.yml`](https://github.com/FEniCS/web/blob/main/_config.yml).
If you want to display the latest version on the website, you can write `{{ site.fenicsversion }}`
or `{{ site.fenicsxversion }}` so that the values are automatically updated. (If you don't want a
version number to update, do not use these and write the version number.)

## Building the website
The prerequisites for building the website can be installed by running:

```bash
sudo apt-get install -y ruby-bundler
bundle install
```

The website can then be built by running:

```bash
bundle exec jekyll build
```

The website can be served locally (so it can then be opened in a browser) by running:

```bash
bundle exec jekyll serve
```

when using Ruby 2.7, or

```bash
bash -c 'cd _site && python3 -m http.server 3000'
```

when using Ruby 3.0+.

Commit message:

Redesign website (#155)
* Start working on a redesign

* updating website style

* Add fontawesome

* remove test of removed snippets

* fix test

* link to branding

* upload artifact when not on main

* instructions for artifact

README.md, after:

# FEniCS website
This repository contains the FEniCS website.

## Editing this website
To edit this website:

1) Make a new branch (if you have access to push to this repo) or a new fork.

2) Make your changes in your branch/fork.

3) Open a pull request.

If you think something on the website should be change, but you're not sure how to do it,
please [open an issue](https://github.com/FEniCS/web/issues) describing the change you
would like to suggest.

When a pull request is opened, the website will be build and an artifact of this build will be uploaded.
To see what the website will look look like after the pull request is merged, you can:

1) Download the artifact

2) unzip the artifact

3) Run `python -m http.server` in the unzipped folder

## Code of conduct

When interacting with others (eg when discussing issues or pull requests), you
are expected to follow the FEniCS project [code of conduct](https://fenicsproject.org/code-of-conduct/).

## Structure of this repo

### Website pages
The website is generated from of the content of `.md` files in the main folder and
subfolders (excluding `README.md`). Markdown and HTML can be included in these files.
LaTeX-style maths can be included between `\\(` and `\\)` for inline maths; or `$$` and `$$`
for a block of maths.

At the start of each `.md` file, page setting can be given between two lines containing only `---`.
For example, `index.md` starts with:

```
---
title: FEniCSx
image: assets/img/headers/design.jpg
---
```

The `title` is displayed at the top of the page, with the `subtitle` (optional) below it. The
`image` will be used as the background of the header; if no image is given, a default image will
be used. The `layout` is used to select which layout the page uses: this can currently only be `default`
(for a default style page). If `layout`
is not set, then `default` will be used. `permalink` sets the url of the page: for example, if set to 
`/fenics/`, the page would be available at `https://fenicsproject.org/fenics/`.

### Assets
Files in the `assets` folder will be included as part of the website. Images and other files can
be included in this folder.

### Navigation bar
The links included in the navigation bar are defined in [`_data/navbar.yml`](https://github.com/FEniCS/web/blob/main/_data/navbar.yml).
Each link is given a `title`, which will be displayed in the navigation bar; and a `page` which will be linked to.
`page` should either be an external url (starting `http://` or `https://`) or a permalink of a page (starting `/`).

### Latest versions
The latest released version of FEniCS and FEniCSx (and their release dates) can be set in
[`_config.yml`](https://github.com/FEniCS/web/blob/main/_config.yml).
If you want to display the latest version on the website, you can write `{{ site.fenicsversion }}`
or `{{ site.fenicsxversion }}` so that the values are automatically updated. (If you don't want a
version number to update, do not use these and write the version number.)

## Building the website
The prerequisites for building the website can be installed by running:

```bash
sudo apt-get install -y ruby-bundler
bundle install
```

The website can then be built by running:

```bash
bundle exec jekyll build
```

The website can be served locally (so it can then be opened in a browser) by running:

```bash
bundle exec jekyll serve
```

when using Ruby 2.7, or

```bash
bash -c 'cd _site && python3 -m http.server 3000'
```

when using Ruby 3.0+.
