fenics-2022/index.md, before:

---
title: FEniCS 2022
subtitle: UC San Diego, 22 – 24 August 2022
---

## Updates

- 26th March 2021: Conference announced.

## Description

The FEniCS 2022 conference is an opportunity for all those interested in the FEniCS Project and related projects to exchange ideas, communicate their results and network with the automated scientific computing community. We welcome developers, existing and potential users of the FEniCS ecosystem as well as mathematicians, computer scientists and application domain specialists interested in numerical methods, their implementation and applications.

The FEniCS 2022 conference will emphasise an open and inclusive atmosphere, contributed talks from a diverse range of scientific areas, and dedicated time for discussions and coding.

## Important dates

- Abstract submission:  TBA.
- Application for travel support: TBA.
- Early bird registration: TBA.
- Conference:  22-24 August 2022.
- Conference Dinner: TBA.

## Features

- Single track session for talks.
- Dedicated poster session.
- Plenty of time for informal discussions and coding.
- Best student and postdoc presentation prize.

## Registration

Registration information to be announced.

## Abstract submission

The deadline for proposing talks is to be announced. Conference delegates will be notified if their talk has been accepted. Talks will be XX minutes long, plus time for questions. Talking is not a prerequisite for attending: you can register for the conference and attend without talking.

## Conference venue

The conference will be held at UC San Diego. The building location is to be announced.

## Conference dinner

The conference dinner time and location is to be announced.

## Getting to San Diego

The main options for travelling to San Diego are:

## Accommodation

Participants will need to book their own accommodation. The UC San Diego campus is relatively compact but check Google’s walking/transit instructions before booking. We politely advise you book accommodation at least a few weeks in advance of the conference date.

## Code of conduct

We expect all attendees of FEniCS 2022 to follow the FEniCS Project [code of conduct](/code-of-conduct/).
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the conference organisers or the [FEniCS Steering Council](https://bitbucket.org/fenics-project/governance/src/master/people.md).

## Local organising committee

- David Kamensky ([dmkamensky@eng.ucsd.edu](mailto:dmkamensky@eng.ucsd.edu))

For queries regarding registration, please email [David](mailto:dmkamensky@eng.ucsd.edu). For queries regarding abstracts and talks, please email XXX.

Commit message:

Add links to previous FEniCS conferences

fenics-2022/index.md, after:

---
title: FEniCS 2022
subtitle: UC San Diego, 22 – 24 August 2022
---

Links to previous FEniCS conferences can be found [here](/conference)

## Updates

- 26th March 2021: Conference announced.

## Description

The FEniCS 2022 conference is an opportunity for all those interested in the FEniCS Project and related projects to exchange ideas, communicate their results and network with the automated scientific computing community. We welcome developers, existing and potential users of the FEniCS ecosystem as well as mathematicians, computer scientists and application domain specialists interested in numerical methods, their implementation and applications.

The FEniCS 2022 conference will emphasise an open and inclusive atmosphere, contributed talks from a diverse range of scientific areas, and dedicated time for discussions and coding.

## Important dates

- Abstract submission:  TBA.
- Application for travel support: TBA.
- Early bird registration: TBA.
- Conference:  22-24 August 2022.
- Conference Dinner: TBA.

## Features

- Single track session for talks.
- Dedicated poster session.
- Plenty of time for informal discussions and coding.
- Best student and postdoc presentation prize.

## Registration

Registration information to be announced.

## Abstract submission

The deadline for proposing talks is to be announced. Conference delegates will be notified if their talk has been accepted. Talks will be XX minutes long, plus time for questions. Talking is not a prerequisite for attending: you can register for the conference and attend without talking.

## Conference venue

The conference will be held at UC San Diego. The building location is to be announced.

## Conference dinner

The conference dinner time and location is to be announced.

## Getting to San Diego

The main options for travelling to San Diego are:

## Accommodation

Participants will need to book their own accommodation. The UC San Diego campus is relatively compact but check Google’s walking/transit instructions before booking. We politely advise you book accommodation at least a few weeks in advance of the conference date.

## Code of conduct

We expect all attendees of FEniCS 2022 to follow the FEniCS Project [code of conduct](/code-of-conduct/).
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the conference organisers or the [FEniCS Steering Council](https://bitbucket.org/fenics-project/governance/src/master/people.md).

## Local organising committee

- David Kamensky ([dmkamensky@eng.ucsd.edu](mailto:dmkamensky@eng.ucsd.edu))

For queries regarding registration, please email [David](mailto:dmkamensky@eng.ucsd.edu). For queries regarding abstracts and talks, please email XXX.
