governance/steering-council.md, before:

---
title: FEniCS Steering Council
permalink: /steering-council/
---

The FEniCS steering council oversees the [governance](index.md) of the FEniCS community
and makes decisions about the overall scope, vision and directions of the FEniCS project.

## Steering council members

{% include _developer.html
  name="Michal Habera"
  institution="University of Luxembourg"
  github="michalhabera"
  website="https://www2.karlin.mff.cuni.cz/~habera/"
%}

{% include _developer.html
  name="Jack S. Hale"
  institution="University of Luxembourg"
  github="jhale"
  website="https://jackhale.co.uk"
%}

{% include _developer.html
  name="Chris Richardson"
  institution="University of Cambridge"
  github="chrisrichardson"
%}

{% include _developer.html
  name="Johannes Ring"
  institution="Simula Research Laboratory"
  github="johannesring"
%}

{% include _developer.html
  name="Marie E. Rognes"
  institution="Simula Research Laboratory"
  github="meg-simula"
%}

{% include _developer.html
  name="Nathan (Nate) Sime"
  institution="Carnegie Institution for Science"
  github="nate-sime"
%}

{% include _developer.html
  name="Garth N. Wells"
  institution="University of Cambridge"
  github="garth-wells"
  website="http://www3.eng.cam.ac.uk/~gnw20/"
%}

Commit message:

Add more info to steering council page (#78)
* Add more info to steering council page

* Update governance/steering-council.md

Co-authored-by: Michal Habera <michal.habera@gmail.com>

* Marie's twitter

* Update steering-council.md

* More caps

Co-authored-by: Michal Habera <michal.habera@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Jack S. Hale <mail@jackhale.co.uk>

governance/steering-council.md, after:

---
title: FEniCS Steering Council
permalink: /steering-council/
---

The FEniCS steering council oversees the [governance](index.md) of the FEniCS community
and makes decisions about the overall scope, vision and directions of the FEniCS project.

## Steering council members

{% include _developer.html
  name="Michal Habera"
  institution="University of Luxembourg"
  github="michalhabera"
  website="https://www2.karlin.mff.cuni.cz/~habera/"
  img="/assets/img/people/m-habera.jpg"
  about="Michal is a Postdoctoral Researcher at University of Luxembourg."
%}

{% include _developer.html
  name="Jack S. Hale"
  institution="University of Luxembourg"
  github="jhale"
  twitter="jack_s_hale"
  website="https://jackhale.co.uk"
  img="/assets/img/people/j-hale.jpg"
  about="Jack is a Research Scientist in the Department of Engineering at the University of Luxembourg."
%}

{% include _developer.html
  name="Chris Richardson"
  institution="University of Cambridge"
  github="chrisrichardson"
  img="/assets/img/people/c-richardson.jpg"
  about="Chris is an EPSRC Research Software Engineering Fellow at the BP Institute at the University of Cambridge."
%}

{% include _developer.html
  name="Johannes Ring"
  institution="Simula Research Laboratory"
  github="johannesring"
  img="/assets/img/people/j-ring.jpg"
  about="Johannes is a Research Engineer at Simula Research Laboratory."
%}

{% include _developer.html
  name="Marie E. Rognes"
  institution="Simula Research Laboratory"
  github="meg-simula"
  twitter="utropstegn"
  img="/assets/img/people/m-rognes.jpg"
  about="Marie is a Chief Research Scientist/Research Professor at Simula Research Laboratory."
%}

{% include _developer.html
  name="Nathan (Nate) Sime"
  institution="Carnegie Institution for Science"
  github="nate-sime"
  img="/assets/img/people/n-sime.jpg"
  about="Nate is a Postdoctoral Fellow in the Earth & Planets Laboratory at the Carnegie Institution for Science."
%}

{% include _developer.html
  name="Garth N. Wells"
  institution="University of Cambridge"
  github="garth-wells"
  website="http://www3.eng.cam.ac.uk/~gnw20/"
  img="/assets/img/people/g-wells.png"
  about="Garth is the Hibbitt Professor of Solid Mechanics in the Department of Engineering at the University of Cambridge."
%}
