community/index.md, before:

---
title: Community
permalink: /community/
---

## Asking questions

If you need help with using FEniCS, or are encountering an error, you
can ask a question on the [FEniCS Discourse
site](https://fenicsproject.discourse.group/). To make it more likely
that you get a useful reply to your question, you should:

- make sure that your post title and description make clear what you are
  trying to do,
- post a minimal code that reproduces any errors you are encountering,
- post in full any error messages you are seeing.
- include details of which FEniCS version you are using, and how you
  installed it (Docker, conda, pip, etc).

More advice on how to post a good question is
[here](https://fenicsproject.discourse.group/t/read-before-posting-how-do-i-get-my-question-answered/21/4).


## Slack Channel

Discussions about FEniCS and its development take place on the [FEniCS
Slack channels](https://fenicsproject.slack.com/). You can join the
Slack community by
[entering your email address at this link](https://join.slack.com/t/fenicsproject/shared_invite/zt-1lraknsp1-6_3Js5kueDIyWgF192d3nA).


## Reporting bugs

If you encounter something you suspect is a bug, please [file an issue
for the appropriate FEniCS component on
GitHub](https://github.com/FEniCS). In particular, for reporting bugs in
the FEniCSx user interface, visit the [DOLFINx issues
page](https://github.com/FEniCS/dolfinx/issues). As above, post complete
but minimal code examples.


## Contributing

We encourage users to take active part in developing and documenting
FEniCSx. As an active developer, it is easy to influence the direction
and focus of the project. To contribute to FEniCSx development, engage
with other developers on the [FEniCSx Slack
channels](https://fenicsproject.slack.com/): in particular, you should
join the **#fenicsx** and **#development** channels.


## People of FEniCS

[Here](people-of-fenics.md) we introduce some the users of FEniCS who
have found it useful.

## Code of Conduct

We strive to make the FEniCS Project an open and respectful community.
Our [Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md) sets out the expected
standards of behaviour for the FEniCS community. It applies to all
FEniCS activities including online forums and FEniCS workshops.


## Governance

The FEniCS Project is developed and maintained as a freely available,
open-source project by a global community of scientists and software
developers.  Full details of the governance of the FEniCS project can be
found in the [governance repository on
GitHub](https://github.com/fenics/governance).

Commit message:

Link to conferences from community page (#134)
* link people-of-fenics to conference index

* link to conferences from the community page

community/index.md, after:

---
title: Community
permalink: /community/
---

## Asking questions

If you need help with using FEniCS, or are encountering an error, you
can ask a question on the [FEniCS Discourse
site](https://fenicsproject.discourse.group/). To make it more likely
that you get a useful reply to your question, you should:

- make sure that your post title and description make clear what you are
  trying to do,
- post a minimal code that reproduces any errors you are encountering,
- post in full any error messages you are seeing.
- include details of which FEniCS version you are using, and how you
  installed it (Docker, conda, pip, etc).

More advice on how to post a good question is
[here](https://fenicsproject.discourse.group/t/read-before-posting-how-do-i-get-my-question-answered/21/4).


## Slack Channel

Discussions about FEniCS and its development take place on the [FEniCS
Slack channels](https://fenicsproject.slack.com/). You can join the
Slack community by
[entering your email address at this link](https://join.slack.com/t/fenicsproject/shared_invite/zt-1lraknsp1-6_3Js5kueDIyWgF192d3nA).


## Reporting bugs

If you encounter something you suspect is a bug, please [file an issue
for the appropriate FEniCS component on
GitHub](https://github.com/FEniCS). In particular, for reporting bugs in
the FEniCSx user interface, visit the [DOLFINx issues
page](https://github.com/FEniCS/dolfinx/issues). As above, post complete
but minimal code examples.


## Contributing

We encourage users to take active part in developing and documenting
FEniCSx. As an active developer, it is easy to influence the direction
and focus of the project. To contribute to FEniCSx development, engage
with other developers on the [FEniCSx Slack
channels](https://fenicsproject.slack.com/): in particular, you should
join the **#fenicsx** and **#development** channels.


## People of FEniCS

[Here](people-of-fenics.md) we introduce some the users of FEniCS who
have found it useful.


## The FEniCS Conference

The [FEniCS Conference](../conference/index.md) is held annually and
is a great way to network with other users, keep up with new
developments from core developers, hear new applications and results,
and discuss ways of improving your projects.


## Code of Conduct

We strive to make the FEniCS Project an open and respectful community.
Our [Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md) sets out the expected
standards of behaviour for the FEniCS community. It applies to all
FEniCS activities including online forums and FEniCS workshops.


## Governance

The FEniCS Project is developed and maintained as a freely available,
open-source project by a global community of scientists and software
developers.  Full details of the governance of the FEniCS project can be
found in the [governance repository on
GitHub](https://github.com/fenics/governance).
