---
title: People of FEniCS
image: assets/img/headers/jigsaw.png
permalink: /people-of-fenics/
---

The FEniCS Project has always adopted the philosophy of open source
development. It is important to us that anyone may access and
contribute. The [community](index.md) surrounding the FEniCS Project
hosts a wide variety of users: academics, scientists, engineers,
hobbyists, students and many more. We encourage anyone and everyone to
take part, for example: in the [Discourse
group](https://fenicsproject.discourse.group/), on our [Slack
channel](https://fenicsproject.slack.com/), contributing to the [source
code](https://github.com/FEniCS) or joining us at one of the
[conferences](../conference/index.md).

The distinctiveness of all our backgrounds, combined with our individual
ambitions, drives innovation in the FEniCS Project. Drawing from this
inspiration, here we meet some of the members of the eclectic FEniCS
community.

{% include _person.html name="Kristin L. Schaefer, P.E." country="USA" job="Mechanical Engineering PhD Student"
   institution="University of Houston" twitter="mskschaefer" img="/assets/img/people/k-schaefer.jpg"
   quote="... FEniCS allows a math-based \"front-end\" for problem set-up, and it just takes care of the rest of the solution, so that you can move your project ahead with the results"
   imgfloat="left" %}

I grew up mostly in Texas, but my father worked in the oil industry, so
we also lived in Indonesia and England, plus a semester of my
undergraduate engineering program I studied in Mexico. Mechanical
Engineering, especially design, is my first career, and I am licensed to
practice in Texas. I am also certified to teach Engineering in Texas
public schools. Now I have returned to school for my PhD in order to
equip the next generation of engineers to solve 21st century problems by
teaching at the university level.

For part of my dissertation, I will need to solve partial differential
equation problems with finite-element methods for the design of
theoretical materials, and this led me to FEniCS. I have used various
technologies and programs as tools for my entire professional life, so
this has been a fun challenge to learn FEniCS, Python, and Linux all at
the same time! I appreciate how FEniCS allows a math-based "front-end"
for problem set-up, and it just takes care of the rest of the solution,
so that you can move your project ahead with the results (let's call
this the Engineering approach). Yet, if you need more than what is
available, it is flexible enough to allow "back-end" improvements and
modifications to develop new methods, modules, functions, and code so
that FEniCS becomes more useful for everyone (let's call this the
Research approach).

My major interests in the discourse are Documentation, Tutorial files,
and Installation, adding the "why"-type comments that a good teacher
naturally wants to provide. I look forward to finding more uses for
FEniCS and to furthering the discourse to help anyone interested in
Engineering or Research approaches with this Finite Element
Computational Software (the "ni" nicely transforms what could have been
another boring acronym into a phonetic spelling for the mascot of the
originator's university... a bonus for pun-loving geeks like me!).

{% include _person.html name="Tim D. Jones" country="Australia" job="Cecil and Ida Green Postdoctoral Scholar at the Institute for Geophysics and Planetary Physics"
   institution="UC San Diego" website="https://timdeejones.com" img="/assets/img/people/t-jones.jpg"
   quote="I always feel like I'm staring down hurdles that I'm not quite tall enough to clear. FEniCS immediately removed some of them for me."
   imgfloat="right" %}

I had no idea what I wanted to be in my youth. And I don't think I can
give an honest account of how I got here. At some point I just realised
that a lot of the things I was interested in had deep explanations
rooted in physics. When I got to university I decided to try some things
that would be new to me, including Psychology—big mistake. I became
interested in Earth Science, but even then I was drawn to the sub-field
of Earth Science that most resembles physics.

{% include _quote.html quote="I am trying to solve the puzzle of how our planet got to its present state" %}

Now I'm what's called a "computational geodynamicist". More importantly,
I am trying to solve the puzzle of how our planet got to its present
state. And over the past 2 years I've been using FEniCS to simulate its
evolution. These kinds of models help us probe the Earth's distant past
and deep interior, giving us the ability to test hypotheses where
physical experiments remain intractable.

Being a user of multiple computing platforms, I find reading and writing
math in FEniCS to be silky smooth by comparison. I know, I know,
everyone loves the ease of defining variational forms in FEniCS. But
coming to scientific computing with a physical science background, I
always feel like I'm staring down hurdles that I'm not quite tall enough
to clear. FEniCS immediately removed some of them for me.

I hope to make it to more FEniCS conferences in the future. The
community is fantastic, very friendly, deeply interested in science and
unusually open to collaboration with outsiders.

{% include _person.html name="Róisín Hill" country="Ireland" job="PhD student" institution="National University of Ireland Galway"
   twitter="roisin_hill" linkedin="roisin-hill" img="/assets/img/people/r-hill.jpg"
   quote="I will forever be grateful to everyone who made me feel so included"
   imgfloat="left" %}

I grew up in Donegal, Ireland in the 1970s. Passionate about mathematics
from a young age, I was told "if you are good at maths, you should
become an accountant", and so I did. This was before the world wide web
was invented.

In 2007, my then 14 year old daughter became ill and was subsequently
diagnosed with ME/CFS. As a result, she was often unable to attend
school, and I helped her with her studies at home. As she approached her
final exams, enjoying her Mathematics and Physics courses, she asked
would I teach her Applied Mathematics. This was completely new to me but
I willingly learnt the course and taught it to her. I found the content
enthralling and, just like that, my passion for maths was reignited. The
next year, my daughter went to university and studied Mathematics and
Applied Mathematics; I loved hearing about what she was learning and,
after mulling it over, I knew what I wanted to do next. Undertaking an
undergraduate degree in Mathematical Science, I soon gravitated towards
Applied and Computational Mathematics.

I jumped at the opportunity to do a summer internship in 2016, during
which I was introduced to FEniCS, using it in a Windows VM. This
experience motivated me to continue in research and I started my PhD in
Numerical Analysis in 2017. Since then, all my numerical experiments
have been carried out using FEniCS, thankfully now on a Linux laptop. I
love hearing of other people's experience with FEniCS and have enjoyed
helping both undergraduates and postgraduates use it to implement their
projects. I attended the FEniCS'18 Conference in Oxford, my first ever
conference. I was filled with nerves, but I soon felt at ease with the
FEniCS community. I will forever be grateful to everyone who made me
feel so included, in particular the Simula group who "adopted" me for
the duration.

{% include _person.html name="Hernán Mella" country="Chile" job="PhD(c) at the Biomedical Imaging Center"
   institution="Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile"
   github="hmella" researchgate="Hernan-Mella-2" img="/assets/img/people/h-mella.jpg"
   quote="As a FEniCS user, I'm very excited by the path taken by the library and still surprised by the kind community."
   imgfloat="right" %}

I grew up in a small city in Chile. While applying to the university, I
wanted to study civil engineering, classical guitar, sociology, laws,
and mathematics, reflecting my curiosity for several topics. I entered
the first undergraduate program that accepted me: civil engineering.
Shortly after, I learned about computational modeling and how many
interesting, daily, and complex phenomena could be simulated and
visualized in a computer, which gave me a different view on engineering.

During this period, I started to simulate the wave propagation phenomena
on semi-infinite media for geophysical applications using absorbing
boundary conditions (because Chile is a very seismic country). After
using other FEM libraries, I was introduced to FEniCS, which
significantly impacted me by its syntax simplicity, different flavors,
automated parallelization, and great community. The community inspired
me to share my knowledge about the software, becoming an enthusiastic
Q&A forum member (always chasing Mirok) and a FEniCS "evangelizer" in my
university.

{% include _quote.html quote="The versatility of FEniCS has animated me to work and collaborate on several research projects outside my comfort zone." %}

Nowadays, I am finishing a PhD on developing new acquisition and
processing techniques to quantify cardiac strain, topics that are
unrelated to computational modeling. However, I never stopped using
FEniCS, and due to my expertise, I became the person in charge of the
simulation on several projects. For biomedical applications, these
simulations include solving the fluid-structure interaction problem and
the Bloch-Torrey-Stejskal equations. And for mechanical applications,
involve using elastoplastic and poroelastic theories. The versatility of
FEniCS has animated me to work and collaborate on several research
projects outside my comfort zone, which has helped me learn many
exciting things about other research fields.

As a FEniCS user, I'm very excited by the path taken by the library and
still surprised by the kind community; and I'm willing to learn
everything about the next releases.

{% include _person.html name="Shi Joyce Sim" country="Malaysia" job="Research Scientist at the School of Earth and Atmospheric Science"
   institution="Georgia Institute of Technology"
   website="http://joycesim.github.io" img="/assets/img/people/s-j-sim.jpg"
   quote="Now, here I am, ..., applying fluid dynamics to understand Earth's long term evolution."
   imgfloat="left" %}

The journey here is a roller coaster ride that is still building itself
frantically and has no end. That is okay because I happen to like roller
coaster rides. Parts of the ride are really chill, much like the wimpy
ones typical on American boardwalks, where you just coast around with 12
year olds trying to prove something. Other times, the ride goes up on a
twisted vertical, suspends you in mid-air, where you dread life, zooms
in reverse back down and then zips through an unknown number of twisted
upside down loops, after which you are swallowed by a mean looking
mystical serpent and plunged into darkness. Yes, I like roller coasters.
And no, I have no idea where this is going.

In Malaysia, roller coaster rides like these were unheard of. So I made
my way across the pond to America in pursuit of Geoscience B.S. and
began building tracks towards what seems like an academic career in
Earth Science. I started in geophysics by studying hurricanes signatures
in seismogram. Then, a few ice quakes fantasies, rejected visas and
Geodynamo reversals later, the tracks got switched and I found myself
working on explosive, high Mach number Volcanic eruptions. In a few
years, the roller coaster had a mind of its own, like the Luggage in
Discworld upset at not being asked its opinions on where to go,
corrected itself and threw me into the other end of the spectrum of
Earth's motions: Geological flows.

{% include _quote.html quote="I also met an incredible community that makes this ride absolutely thrilling" %}

Now, here I am, an almost veteran on paving the tracks, applying fluid
dynamics to understand Earth's long term evolution. I use The
Transparent Finite Element Rapid Model Assembler (TerraFERMA) that
relies on the FEniCS library. FEniCS has made this roller coaster ride
much smoother – making each PDE readable in variational form at a time.
I also met an incredible community that makes this ride absolutely
thrilling, yet safe as I co-organized the FEniCS conference in 2019,
where FEniCS-X was announced with much anticipation. I look forward to
engage more in the FEniCS community and defining more variational forms
as I build tracks that are reproducible, back-compatible and modular.

{% include _person.html name="Kei Yamamoto" country="Japan" job="MSc Student"
   institution="University of Oslo & Simula Research Laboratory"
   website="http://keiyamamo.github.io" img="/assets/img/people/k-yamamoto.jpg"
   quote="One beauty of FEniCS is that it is up to the users how deep one needs to go to use it."
   imgfloat="right" %}

I grew up in Tokyo, Japan, and now study fluid mechanics at the
University of Oslo in Norway. Fortunately, I have been able to follow
what seems fun and interesting to me. At first, it was a Physics lecture
in high school that made me want to study Science at University. The
fact that simple mathematical modelling can describe natural phenomena
amazed me. After some important encounters in Norway when I was an
exchange student during my bachelor's, I moved to Norway again to pursue
an MSc degree in Oslo. I hope to continue researching as a PhD student
in the future.

An encounter with FEniCS was the lecture given by my current supervisor
and it was introduced as a tool to solve fluid flow problems
numerically. One beauty of FEniCS is that it is up to the users how deep
one needs to go to use it. This simple yet powerful protocol of FEniCS
attracted me along with its rich documentation.

Now I use FEniCS for my MSc thesis project, where I try to investigate
the flow instability related to aneurysm hoping to give insight into the
mechanisms of its initiation and growth.

Part of my daily routine is to check the FEniCS Discourse forum. The
wonderful thing about having this rich community is that I can see a
huge variety of applications of FEniCS, beyond my imagination. I have
some plans to teach FEniCS as teaching assistance in the near future and
I am already excited to see how students will use FEniCS.

I believe FEniCS has a great community and I am pleased to be one of the
members to contribute in any way.
